PMM-13025 - Upgrade changes (#1316)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/install-pmm/install-pmm-server/baremetal/docker/index.md

# Install PMM Server with Docker container

This section provides instructions for running PMM Server with Docker based on the [PMM Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/percona/pmm-server).

## Running PMM Server with Watchtower

> To enable PMM Server upgrades via the **Upgrade page** and the **Upgrade Now** button on the Home dashboard, you must configure Watchtower during the PMM Server installation. Watchtower is a container monitoring tool that automatically updates Docker containers to their latest version when triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable PMM Server upgrades via the **Upgrade page** and the **Upgrade Now** button on the Home dashboard, you must configure Watchtower during the PMM Server installation. Watchtower is a container monitoring tool that helps update Docker containers to their latest version when triggered.
```

Reviewer: IMO the mention of "automatically" could lead the user to think it would happen "without human interaction" even though we say "when triggered".

The [Easy-install script](../easy-install.md) script includes Watchtower commands, allowing for a one-step setup of PMM alongside Watchtower.

You can also install PMM 3 manually, following the instructions below.

## Installing PMM Server manually

Before starting the installation, review the installation prerequisites below and choose a method to run PMM Server with Docker based on your preferred data storage option:

> - [Running Docker with Data container](../docker/run_with_data_container.md)

Reviewer: I believe we should promote the use Docker volumes to the first place, so Data container comes at the very end of the list.
